Add to migration doc: loadExternalTokens and TokenCache (#7836)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/v4-migration.md

## API Breaking Changes

### TokenCache and loadExternalTokens

> The `TokenCache` object as well as the `getTokenCache` function in `PublicClientApplication` have been removed from MSAL.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSAL JS API for [loadExternalTokens](../testing.md#the-loadexternaltokens-api) is modified. The changes include:
* Removed `TokenCache` object and `getTokenCache()` support from PCA
* `loadExternalTokens()` accepts `Configuration` (add reference to code) as a parameter instead of `TokenCache`
```

And +1 to Thomas's comment below, add a before/after code fragment to highlight the new usage.

Author: Done!

> The `loadExternalTokens` function now takes in a `Configuration` object and no longer accepts a `TokenCache` object. Read more about `loadExternalTokens` [here](./testing.md#the-loadexternaltokens-api).

Reviewer 2: I would suggest sharing a before and after code block to illustrate what specific changes folks need to make

> The `loadExternalTokens` function now takes in a `Configuration` object and no longer accepts a `TokenCache` object. Read more about `loadExternalTokens` [here](./testing.md#the-loadexternaltokens-api).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `loadExternalTokens` API is now a separate export and requires a `Configuration` object in addition to the parameters accepted in MSAL.js v4. Read more about `loadExternalTokens` [here](./testing.md#the-loadexternaltokens-api).
```

Reviewer: You can combine the language here with the over all message structure change I made above.

## API Breaking Changes

### TokenCache and loadExternalTokens

The `TokenCache` object as well as the `getTokenCache` function in `PublicClientApplication` have been removed from MSAL.js.

The `loadExternalTokens` API is now a separate export and requires a `Configuration` object in addition to the parameters accepted in MSAL.js v4. Please add the configuration object passed into your application to `loadExternalTokens`.

```js
// BEFORE

const pca = new PublicClientApplication(config);
await pca.getTokenCache().loadExternalTokens(
    silentRequest,
    serverResponse,
    loadTokenOptions
);

//AFTER

> const pca = new PublicClientApplication(config);

Reviewer 2: Nit: Just to make it clear PCA isn't required at all to use loadExternalTokens let's omit it here
```suggestion
```
